com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/FragmentQuestionBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.FragmentQuestionBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/helper/UIHelper.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.helper.UIHelper
 com.iotait.schoolapp.helper.UIHelper$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.helper.UIHelper$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.helper.UIHelper$3
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/ActivityChatWindowGroupBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.ActivityChatWindowGroupBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/exam/custom/exam_details/CustomExamDetailsFragment.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.custom.exam_details.CustomExamDetailsFragment
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.custom.exam_details.CustomExamDetailsFragment$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.custom.exam_details.CustomExamDetailsFragment$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.custom.exam_details.CustomExamDetailsFragment$3
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.custom.exam_details.CustomExamDetailsFragment$4
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.custom.exam_details.CustomExamDetailsFragment$5
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.custom.exam_details.CustomExamDetailsFragment$6
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.custom.exam_details.CustomExamDetailsFragment$7
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.custom.exam_details.CustomExamDetailsFragment$8
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.custom.exam_details.CustomExamDetailsFragment$9
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/FragmentArticalesBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.FragmentArticalesBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/FragmentWeeklyContestBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.FragmentWeeklyContestBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/unn_news/UnnNewsFragment.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.unn_news.UnnNewsFragment
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.unn_news.UnnNewsFragment$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.unn_news.UnnNewsFragment$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.unn_news.UnnNewsFragment$3
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/syllabus/SyllabusFragment.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.syllabus.SyllabusFragment
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.syllabus.SyllabusFragment$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.syllabus.SyllabusFragment$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.syllabus.SyllabusFragment$3
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.syllabus.SyllabusFragment$4
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.syllabus.SyllabusFragment$5
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.syllabus.SyllabusFragment$6
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/question/view/AddQuestionView.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.view.AddQuestionView
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/leaderboard/LeaderBoard.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.leaderboard.LeaderBoard
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.leaderboard.LeaderBoard$1
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/UnnNewsFragmentBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.UnnNewsFragmentBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/ItemMakeadminBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.ItemMakeadminBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/notification/APIService.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.notification.APIService
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/premium/bankingsystem/BankingSystemFragment.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.premium.bankingsystem.BankingSystemFragment
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.premium.bankingsystem.BankingSystemFragment$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.premium.bankingsystem.BankingSystemFragment$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.premium.bankingsystem.BankingSystemFragment$3
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.premium.bankingsystem.BankingSystemFragment$4
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.premium.bankingsystem.BankingSystemFragment$5
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.premium.bankingsystem.BankingSystemFragment$6
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.premium.bankingsystem.BankingSystemFragment$7
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.premium.bankingsystem.BankingSystemFragment$7$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.premium.bankingsystem.BankingSystemFragment$8
com/iotait/schoolapp/notification/Token.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.notification.Token
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/syllabus/syllabusclickfragment/adapter/SyllabusYearItemAdapter.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.syllabus.syllabusclickfragment.adapter.SyllabusYearItemAdapter
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.syllabus.syllabusclickfragment.adapter.SyllabusYearItemAdapter$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.syllabus.syllabusclickfragment.adapter.SyllabusYearItemAdapter$ViewHolder
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/PreviewQuestionItemBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.PreviewQuestionItemBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/FragmentNotificationBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.FragmentNotificationBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/ItemOverviewBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.ItemOverviewBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/FragmentSchoolAnthemBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.FragmentSchoolAnthemBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/articals/Articales.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articals.Articales
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articals.Articales$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articals.Articales$10
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articals.Articales$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articals.Articales$3
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articals.Articales$4
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articals.Articales$5
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articals.Articales$6
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articals.Articales$6$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articals.Articales$6$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articals.Articales$6$2$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articals.Articales$6$2$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articals.Articales$6$3
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articals.Articales$6$4
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articals.Articales$6$5
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articals.Articales$6$6
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articals.Articales$7
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articals.Articales$8
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articals.Articales$8$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articals.Articales$8$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articals.Articales$8$2$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articals.Articales$8$2$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articals.Articales$8$3
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articals.Articales$8$4
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articals.Articales$8$5
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articals.Articales$8$6
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articals.Articales$9
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/home/adapter/SliderAdapter.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.home.adapter.SliderAdapter
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.home.adapter.SliderAdapter$SliderAdapterVH
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/exam/adapter/QuestionAdapter.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.adapter.QuestionAdapter
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.adapter.QuestionAdapter$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.adapter.QuestionAdapter$10
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.adapter.QuestionAdapter$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.adapter.QuestionAdapter$3
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.adapter.QuestionAdapter$4
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.adapter.QuestionAdapter$5
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.adapter.QuestionAdapter$6
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.adapter.QuestionAdapter$7
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.adapter.QuestionAdapter$8
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.adapter.QuestionAdapter$9
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.adapter.QuestionAdapter$ViewHolder
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/FragmentLearMoreForPremiumBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.FragmentLearMoreForPremiumBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/unnfaq/model/SelectionItemFaq.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.unnfaq.model.SelectionItemFaq
com/iotait/schoolapp/common/Common.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.common.Common
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/chat/ChatListActivty.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.ChatListActivty
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.ChatListActivty$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.ChatListActivty$10
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.ChatListActivty$11
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.ChatListActivty$12
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.ChatListActivty$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.ChatListActivty$3
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.ChatListActivty$4
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.ChatListActivty$5
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.ChatListActivty$6
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.ChatListActivty$7
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.ChatListActivty$8
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.ChatListActivty$9
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/home/adapter/OverViewAdapter.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.home.adapter.OverViewAdapter
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.home.adapter.OverViewAdapter$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.home.adapter.OverViewAdapter$ViewHolder
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/FragmentMobileRechargeBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.FragmentMobileRechargeBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/FragmentMonthlyTopBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.FragmentMonthlyTopBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/chat/adapters/ActivenowAdapter.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.adapters.ActivenowAdapter
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.adapters.ActivenowAdapter$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.adapters.ActivenowAdapter$ViewHolder
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/navigation/Navigation.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.navigation.Navigation
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.navigation.Navigation$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.navigation.Navigation$10
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.navigation.Navigation$11
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.navigation.Navigation$12
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.navigation.Navigation$13
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.navigation.Navigation$14
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.navigation.Navigation$15
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.navigation.Navigation$16
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.navigation.Navigation$17
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.navigation.Navigation$17$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.navigation.Navigation$18
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.navigation.Navigation$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.navigation.Navigation$3
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.navigation.Navigation$3$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.navigation.Navigation$4
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.navigation.Navigation$4$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.navigation.Navigation$4$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.navigation.Navigation$5
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.navigation.Navigation$6
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.navigation.Navigation$7
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.navigation.Navigation$7$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.navigation.Navigation$8
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.navigation.Navigation$8$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.navigation.Navigation$9
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/premium/PremiumProcessFragment.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.premium.PremiumProcessFragment
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.premium.PremiumProcessFragment$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.premium.PremiumProcessFragment$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.premium.PremiumProcessFragment$3
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.home.HomeViewModel
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.home.HomeViewModel$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.home.HomeViewModel$2
com/iotait/schoolapp/notification/chatnotif/ReceivedNotifications.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.notification.chatnotif.ReceivedNotifications
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/DialogResultBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.DialogResultBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/FragmentCustomExamBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.FragmentCustomExamBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/helper/Customlog.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.helper.Customlog
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/chat/common/ChatRelatedCommonFunction.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.common.ChatRelatedCommonFunction
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.common.ChatRelatedCommonFunction$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.common.ChatRelatedCommonFunction$10
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.common.ChatRelatedCommonFunction$11
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.common.ChatRelatedCommonFunction$12
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.common.ChatRelatedCommonFunction$13
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.common.ChatRelatedCommonFunction$14
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.common.ChatRelatedCommonFunction$15
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.common.ChatRelatedCommonFunction$16
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.common.ChatRelatedCommonFunction$17
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.common.ChatRelatedCommonFunction$18
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.common.ChatRelatedCommonFunction$19
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.common.ChatRelatedCommonFunction$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.common.ChatRelatedCommonFunction$20
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.common.ChatRelatedCommonFunction$21
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.common.ChatRelatedCommonFunction$22
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.common.ChatRelatedCommonFunction$23
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.common.ChatRelatedCommonFunction$24
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.common.ChatRelatedCommonFunction$25
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.common.ChatRelatedCommonFunction$26
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.common.ChatRelatedCommonFunction$27
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.common.ChatRelatedCommonFunction$28
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.common.ChatRelatedCommonFunction$29
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.common.ChatRelatedCommonFunction$3
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.common.ChatRelatedCommonFunction$30
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.common.ChatRelatedCommonFunction$31
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.common.ChatRelatedCommonFunction$32
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.common.ChatRelatedCommonFunction$4
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.common.ChatRelatedCommonFunction$5
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.common.ChatRelatedCommonFunction$6
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.common.ChatRelatedCommonFunction$7
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.common.ChatRelatedCommonFunction$8
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.common.ChatRelatedCommonFunction$9
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/syllabus/view/SyllabusClickView.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.syllabus.view.SyllabusClickView
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/question/details/models/QuestionItem.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.details.models.QuestionItem
com/iotait/schoolapp/data/network/ApiInterface.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.data.network.ApiInterface
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/chat/adapters/PublicRoomAdapter.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.adapters.PublicRoomAdapter
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.adapters.PublicRoomAdapter$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.adapters.PublicRoomAdapter$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.adapters.PublicRoomAdapter$ViewHolder
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/signup/SignUpActivty.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.signup.SignUpActivty
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.signup.SignUpActivty$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.signup.SignUpActivty$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.signup.SignUpActivty$3
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/question/adapter/RecyclerYearItemAdapter.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.adapter.RecyclerYearItemAdapter
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.adapter.RecyclerYearItemAdapter$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.adapter.RecyclerYearItemAdapter$ViewHolder
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/unnfaq/adapter/FaqAdapter.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.unnfaq.adapter.FaqAdapter
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.unnfaq.adapter.FaqAdapter$ViewHolder
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/HomeNavigationActivity.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.HomeNavigationActivity
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.HomeNavigationActivity$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.HomeNavigationActivity$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.HomeNavigationActivity$3
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.HomeNavigationActivity$4
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.HomeNavigationActivity$5
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.HomeNavigationActivity$6
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.HomeNavigationActivity$7
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.HomeNavigationActivity$8
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.HomeNavigationActivity$8$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.HomeNavigationActivity$9
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.HomeNavigationActivity$9$1
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.home.HomeFragment$10
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.home.HomeFragment$11
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.home.HomeFragment$11$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.home.HomeFragment$11$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.home.HomeFragment$12
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.home.HomeFragment$13
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.home.HomeFragment$14
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.home.HomeFragment$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.home.HomeFragment$3
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.home.HomeFragment$3$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.home.HomeFragment$3$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.home.HomeFragment$4
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.home.HomeFragment$4$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.home.HomeFragment$4$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.home.HomeFragment$5
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.home.HomeFragment$6
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.home.HomeFragment$7
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.home.HomeFragment$8
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.home.HomeFragment$9
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/FragmentCustomExamDetailsBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.FragmentCustomExamDetailsBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/database/dao/MyDao.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.database.dao.MyDao
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/home/view/OverViewHomeView.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.home.view.OverViewHomeView
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/ToolbarLayoutBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.ToolbarLayoutBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/ItemMessageRightBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.ItemMessageRightBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/ActivityFullPhotoViewBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.ActivityFullPhotoViewBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/notification/adapter/NotificationArticalsAdapter.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.notification.adapter.NotificationArticalsAdapter
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.notification.adapter.NotificationArticalsAdapter$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.notification.adapter.NotificationArticalsAdapter$ViewHolder
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/ItemFaqBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.ItemFaqBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/adapters/SectionsPageAdapter.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.adapters.SectionsPageAdapter
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/QuestionItemBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.QuestionItemBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/schoolanthem/SchoolAnthem.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.schoolanthem.SchoolAnthem
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.schoolanthem.SchoolAnthem$1
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/login/First.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.login.First
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/articals/View/ArticleView.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articals.View.ArticleView
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/ItemPersonalBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.ItemPersonalBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/FragmentLeaderBoardBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.FragmentLeaderBoardBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/chat/adapters/ChatAdapter.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.adapters.ChatAdapter
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.adapters.ChatAdapter$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.adapters.ChatAdapter$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.adapters.ChatAdapter$3
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.adapters.ChatAdapter$IncomingMediaView
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.adapters.ChatAdapter$IncomingTextView
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.adapters.ChatAdapter$OutgoingMediaView
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.adapters.ChatAdapter$OutgoingTextView
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/ItemPublicroomBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.ItemPublicroomBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/weeklycontest/takecontestfragment/models/AnswerModelForContest.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.takecontestfragment.models.AnswerModelForContest
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/weeklycontest/WeeklyContest.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.WeeklyContest
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.WeeklyContest$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.WeeklyContest$10
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.WeeklyContest$11
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.WeeklyContest$12
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.WeeklyContest$13
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.WeeklyContest$14
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.WeeklyContest$14$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.WeeklyContest$14$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.WeeklyContest$14$3
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.WeeklyContest$14$4
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.WeeklyContest$15
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.WeeklyContest$16
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.WeeklyContest$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.WeeklyContest$3
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.WeeklyContest$3$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.WeeklyContest$4
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.WeeklyContest$4$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.WeeklyContest$4$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.WeeklyContest$5
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.WeeklyContest$6
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.WeeklyContest$6$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.WeeklyContest$7
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.WeeklyContest$8
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.WeeklyContest$9
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/exam/fullexam/FullExamFragment.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.fullexam.FullExamFragment
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.fullexam.FullExamFragment$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.fullexam.FullExamFragment$10
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.fullexam.FullExamFragment$11
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.fullexam.FullExamFragment$12
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.fullexam.FullExamFragment$13
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.fullexam.FullExamFragment$14
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.fullexam.FullExamFragment$15
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.fullexam.FullExamFragment$16
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.fullexam.FullExamFragment$17
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.fullexam.FullExamFragment$18
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.fullexam.FullExamFragment$19
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.fullexam.FullExamFragment$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.fullexam.FullExamFragment$20
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.fullexam.FullExamFragment$3
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.fullexam.FullExamFragment$4
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.fullexam.FullExamFragment$5
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.fullexam.FullExamFragment$6
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.fullexam.FullExamFragment$7
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.fullexam.FullExamFragment$8
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.fullexam.FullExamFragment$9
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/RowItemYearBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.RowItemYearBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/syllabus/syllabusclickfragment/view/AddSyllabusView.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.syllabus.syllabusclickfragment.view.AddSyllabusView
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/premium/learnmorepackage/LearnMoreForBesic.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.premium.learnmorepackage.LearnMoreForBesic
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/leaderboard/monthlytop/adapter/LeaderBoardAdapterForMonthlyTop.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.leaderboard.monthlytop.adapter.LeaderBoardAdapterForMonthlyTop
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.leaderboard.monthlytop.adapter.LeaderBoardAdapterForMonthlyTop$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.leaderboard.monthlytop.adapter.LeaderBoardAdapterForMonthlyTop$ViewHolder
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/ActivitySplashBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.ActivitySplashBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/login/LoginActivity.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.login.LoginActivity
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.login.LoginActivity$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.login.LoginActivity$10
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.login.LoginActivity$10$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.login.LoginActivity$10$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.login.LoginActivity$11
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.login.LoginActivity$12
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.login.LoginActivity$13
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.login.LoginActivity$14
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.login.LoginActivity$15
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.login.LoginActivity$15$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.login.LoginActivity$16
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.login.LoginActivity$17
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.login.LoginActivity$17$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.login.LoginActivity$17$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.login.LoginActivity$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.login.LoginActivity$3
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.login.LoginActivity$4
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.login.LoginActivity$5
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.login.LoginActivity$6
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.login.LoginActivity$6$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.login.LoginActivity$7
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.login.LoginActivity$8
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.login.LoginActivity$9
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.login.LoginActivity$9$1
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/leaderboard/weeklytop/WeeklyTopFragment.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.leaderboard.weeklytop.WeeklyTopFragment
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.leaderboard.weeklytop.WeeklyTopFragment$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.leaderboard.weeklytop.WeeklyTopFragment$1$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.leaderboard.weeklytop.WeeklyTopFragment$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.leaderboard.weeklytop.WeeklyTopFragment$2$1
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/leaderboard/contestresult/adapter/LeaderBoardAdapterForContest.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.leaderboard.contestresult.adapter.LeaderBoardAdapterForContest
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.leaderboard.contestresult.adapter.LeaderBoardAdapterForContest$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.leaderboard.contestresult.adapter.LeaderBoardAdapterForContest$ViewHolder
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/leaderboard/monthlytop/MonthlyTopFragment.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.leaderboard.monthlytop.MonthlyTopFragment
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.leaderboard.monthlytop.MonthlyTopFragment$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.leaderboard.monthlytop.MonthlyTopFragment$1$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.leaderboard.monthlytop.MonthlyTopFragment$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.leaderboard.monthlytop.MonthlyTopFragment$2$1
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/chat/interfaces/ChatLListener.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.interfaces.ChatLListener
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/ActivityGroupAdminBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.ActivityGroupAdminBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/FragmentFullExamBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.FragmentFullExamBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/ActivityHomeNavigationBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.ActivityHomeNavigationBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/FaqImageDialogBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.FaqImageDialogBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/premium/LearnmoreActivity.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.premium.LearnmoreActivity
com/iotait/schoolapp/utils/CustomTabLayout.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.utils.CustomTabLayout
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/PaymentRequestDialogBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.PaymentRequestDialogBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/FragmentAboutAppBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.FragmentAboutAppBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/ActivityDetailsNewsWebViewBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.ActivityDetailsNewsWebViewBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/chat/models/PublicRooms.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.models.PublicRooms
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/chat/adapters/PersonalMessageAdapter.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.adapters.PersonalMessageAdapter
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.adapters.PersonalMessageAdapter$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.adapters.PersonalMessageAdapter$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.adapters.PersonalMessageAdapter$3
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.adapters.PersonalMessageAdapter$ViewHolder
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/question/details/QuestionDetailsFragment.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.details.QuestionDetailsFragment
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.details.QuestionDetailsFragment$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.details.QuestionDetailsFragment$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.details.QuestionDetailsFragment$3
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.details.QuestionDetailsFragment$4
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.details.QuestionDetailsFragment$5
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.details.QuestionDetailsFragment$5$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.details.QuestionDetailsFragment$5$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.details.QuestionDetailsFragment$6
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.details.QuestionDetailsFragment$7
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/notification/NotificationFragment.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.notification.NotificationFragment
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.notification.NotificationFragment$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.notification.NotificationFragment$2
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/FragmentAllTimeBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.FragmentAllTimeBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/PhoneNumberRequestDialogBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.PhoneNumberRequestDialogBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/leaderboard/model/SubjectListModel.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.leaderboard.model.SubjectListModel
com/iotait/schoolapp/helper/NetworkHelper.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.helper.NetworkHelper
com/iotait/schoolapp/utils/CustomTextText.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.utils.CustomTextText
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/unnfaq/model/FaqData.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.unnfaq.model.FaqData
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/exam/view/ExamSelectionView.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.view.ExamSelectionView
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/ConformationDialogeBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.ConformationDialogeBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/authentication/AuthenticationActivty.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.authentication.AuthenticationActivty
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.authentication.AuthenticationActivty$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.authentication.AuthenticationActivty$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.authentication.AuthenticationActivty$3
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.authentication.AuthenticationActivty$4
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.authentication.AuthenticationActivty$5
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.authentication.AuthenticationActivty$6
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.authentication.AuthenticationActivty$7
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/leaderboard/contestresult/ContestResult.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.leaderboard.contestresult.ContestResult
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.leaderboard.contestresult.ContestResult$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.leaderboard.contestresult.ContestResult$1$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.leaderboard.contestresult.ContestResult$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.leaderboard.contestresult.ContestResult$2$1
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/chat/interfaces/AddPerticipantsListener.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.interfaces.AddPerticipantsListener
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/question/QuestionFragment.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.QuestionFragment
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.QuestionFragment$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.QuestionFragment$10
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.QuestionFragment$11
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.QuestionFragment$12
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.QuestionFragment$13
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.QuestionFragment$14
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.QuestionFragment$15
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.QuestionFragment$16
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.QuestionFragment$17
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.QuestionFragment$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.QuestionFragment$3
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.QuestionFragment$4
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.QuestionFragment$5
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.QuestionFragment$6
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.QuestionFragment$7
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.QuestionFragment$8
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.QuestionFragment$9
com/iotait/schoolapp/utils/PublicFunctions.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.utils.PublicFunctions
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/ImageSliderLayoutBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.ImageSliderLayoutBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/CustomImageViwerBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.CustomImageViwerBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/ItemUnnNewsBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.ItemUnnNewsBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/unn_news/UnnNewsViewModel.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.unn_news.UnnNewsViewModel
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.unn_news.UnnNewsViewModel$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.unn_news.UnnNewsViewModel$2
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/exam/fullexam/models/AnswerModel.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.fullexam.models.AnswerModel
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/home/model/LatestNewsResponse.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.home.model.LatestNewsResponse
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/leaderboard/model/userDetailsModel.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.leaderboard.model.userDetailsModel
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/premium/onlinepayment/OnlinePaymentFragment.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.premium.onlinepayment.OnlinePaymentFragment
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.premium.onlinepayment.OnlinePaymentFragment$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.premium.onlinepayment.OnlinePaymentFragment$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.premium.onlinepayment.OnlinePaymentFragment$3
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.premium.onlinepayment.OnlinePaymentFragment$4
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.premium.onlinepayment.OnlinePaymentFragment$5
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.premium.onlinepayment.OnlinePaymentFragment$5$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.premium.onlinepayment.OnlinePaymentFragment$5$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.premium.onlinepayment.OnlinePaymentFragment$6
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.premium.onlinepayment.OnlinePaymentFragment$6$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.premium.onlinepayment.OnlinePaymentFragment$fetchAccessCodeFromServer
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.premium.onlinepayment.OnlinePaymentFragment$verifyOnServer
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/leaderboard/model/LeaderBoardModel.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.leaderboard.model.LeaderBoardModel
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/ItemMessageLeftImageBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.ItemMessageLeftImageBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/chat/GroupAdminActivity.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.GroupAdminActivity
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.GroupAdminActivity$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.GroupAdminActivity$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.GroupAdminActivity$3
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.GroupAdminActivity$4
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/InSmsTextBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.InSmsTextBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/ActivityAuthenticationBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.ActivityAuthenticationBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/ItemArticalsBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.ItemArticalsBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/data/network/OkHttpProvider.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.data.network.OkHttpProvider
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/FragmentUnnFaqBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.FragmentUnnFaqBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/exam/exampreview/adapters/QuestionPreviewAdapter.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.exampreview.adapters.QuestionPreviewAdapter
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.exampreview.adapters.QuestionPreviewAdapter$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.exampreview.adapters.QuestionPreviewAdapter$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.exampreview.adapters.QuestionPreviewAdapter$3
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.exampreview.adapters.QuestionPreviewAdapter$4
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.exampreview.adapters.QuestionPreviewAdapter$5
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.exampreview.adapters.QuestionPreviewAdapter$6
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.exampreview.adapters.QuestionPreviewAdapter$7
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.exampreview.adapters.QuestionPreviewAdapter$ViewHolder
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/leaderboard/alltime/AllTimeFragment.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.leaderboard.alltime.AllTimeFragment
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.leaderboard.alltime.AllTimeFragment$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.leaderboard.alltime.AllTimeFragment$1$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.leaderboard.alltime.AllTimeFragment$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.leaderboard.alltime.AllTimeFragment$2$1
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/FragmentGetRewardBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.FragmentGetRewardBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/weeklycontest/takecontestfragment/TakeContestExamFragment.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.takecontestfragment.TakeContestExamFragment
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.takecontestfragment.TakeContestExamFragment$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.takecontestfragment.TakeContestExamFragment$10
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.takecontestfragment.TakeContestExamFragment$11
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.takecontestfragment.TakeContestExamFragment$12
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.takecontestfragment.TakeContestExamFragment$13
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.takecontestfragment.TakeContestExamFragment$14
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.takecontestfragment.TakeContestExamFragment$15
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.takecontestfragment.TakeContestExamFragment$16
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.takecontestfragment.TakeContestExamFragment$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.takecontestfragment.TakeContestExamFragment$3
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.takecontestfragment.TakeContestExamFragment$4
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.takecontestfragment.TakeContestExamFragment$5
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.takecontestfragment.TakeContestExamFragment$6
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.takecontestfragment.TakeContestExamFragment$7
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.takecontestfragment.TakeContestExamFragment$8
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.takecontestfragment.TakeContestExamFragment$9
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/FragmentTakeExamBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.FragmentTakeExamBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/listener/ImageClick.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.listener.ImageClick
com/iotait/schoolapp/utils/PathUtils.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.utils.PathUtils
com/iotait/schoolapp/helper/FirebaseHelper.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.helper.FirebaseHelper
com/iotait/schoolapp/session/SessionHelper.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.session.SessionHelper
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/weeklycontest/subjectadapter/RecyclerWeeklyContestSubjectAdapter.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.subjectadapter.RecyclerWeeklyContestSubjectAdapter
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.subjectadapter.RecyclerWeeklyContestSubjectAdapter$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.subjectadapter.RecyclerWeeklyContestSubjectAdapter$ViewHolder
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/weeklycontest/getreward/GetRewardFragment.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.getreward.GetRewardFragment
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.getreward.GetRewardFragment$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.getreward.GetRewardFragment$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.getreward.GetRewardFragment$3
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.getreward.GetRewardFragment$4
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.getreward.GetRewardFragment$4$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.getreward.GetRewardFragment$4$2
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/ItemQuestionSubjectBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.ItemQuestionSubjectBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/chat/models/ModeratorDetails.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.models.ModeratorDetails
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/ItemActivenowBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.ItemActivenowBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/syllabus/adapter/SyllabusAdapter.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.syllabus.adapter.SyllabusAdapter
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.syllabus.adapter.SyllabusAdapter$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.syllabus.adapter.SyllabusAdapter$ViewHolder
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/FragmentContestResultBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.FragmentContestResultBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/notification/Sender.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.notification.Sender
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/SelectExamSubjectViewBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.SelectExamSubjectViewBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/articals/articalsadapter/ArticalsAdapter.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articals.articalsadapter.ArticalsAdapter
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articals.articalsadapter.ArticalsAdapter$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articals.articalsadapter.ArticalsAdapter$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articals.articalsadapter.ArticalsAdapter$3
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articals.articalsadapter.ArticalsAdapter$ViewHolder
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/leaderboard/view/LeaderBoardView.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.leaderboard.view.LeaderBoardView
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/ItemSyllabusSubjectBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.ItemSyllabusSubjectBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/unnfaq/UnnFaqFragment.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.unnfaq.UnnFaqFragment
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.unnfaq.UnnFaqFragment$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.unnfaq.UnnFaqFragment$2
com/iotait/schoolapp/helper/CustomMessage.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.helper.CustomMessage
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/ItemArticalsNotificationBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.ItemArticalsNotificationBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/utils/EndlessRecyclerViewScrollListener.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.utils.EndlessRecyclerViewScrollListener
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/ItemMessageRightImageBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.ItemMessageRightImageBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/ItemMessageLeftBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.ItemMessageLeftBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/ActivityLeaderboardinfoBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.ActivityLeaderboardinfoBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/InSmsMediaBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.InSmsMediaBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/articals/articlemodel/ArticleModel.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articals.articlemodel.ArticleModel
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/FragmentLearnMoreForBesicBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.FragmentLearnMoreForBesicBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/helper/ProgressHelper.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.helper.ProgressHelper
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/weeklycontest/view/WeeklyContestSelectionView.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.view.WeeklyContestSelectionView
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/ItemLeaderBoardBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.ItemLeaderBoardBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/FragmentNavigationBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.FragmentNavigationBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/ActivitySignUpBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.ActivitySignUpBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/database/tables/ArticleNotification.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.database.tables.ArticleNotification
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/chat/constant/Constant.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.constant.Constant
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/FragmentPremiumProcessBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.FragmentPremiumProcessBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/FragmentOnlinePaymentBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.FragmentOnlinePaymentBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/FragmentTakeContestExamBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.FragmentTakeContestExamBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/DialogPointBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.DialogPointBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/helper/PermissionHelper.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.helper.PermissionHelper
 com.iotait.schoolapp.helper.PermissionHelper$1
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/splash/SplashActivity.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.splash.SplashActivity
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.splash.SplashActivity$1
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/chat/ChatWindowGroupActivity.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.ChatWindowGroupActivity
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.ChatWindowGroupActivity$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.ChatWindowGroupActivity$10
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.ChatWindowGroupActivity$11
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.ChatWindowGroupActivity$12
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.ChatWindowGroupActivity$13
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.ChatWindowGroupActivity$14
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.ChatWindowGroupActivity$15
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.ChatWindowGroupActivity$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.ChatWindowGroupActivity$3
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.ChatWindowGroupActivity$4
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.ChatWindowGroupActivity$4$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.ChatWindowGroupActivity$5
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.ChatWindowGroupActivity$6
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.ChatWindowGroupActivity$7
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.ChatWindowGroupActivity$8
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.ChatWindowGroupActivity$9
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/FragmentQuestionDetailsBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.FragmentQuestionDetailsBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/RechargePaymentRequestDialogBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.RechargePaymentRequestDialogBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/chat/common/CommentKeyBoardFix.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.common.CommentKeyBoardFix
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/exam/custom/CustomExamFragment.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.custom.CustomExamFragment
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.custom.CustomExamFragment$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.custom.CustomExamFragment$10
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.custom.CustomExamFragment$11
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.custom.CustomExamFragment$12
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.custom.CustomExamFragment$13
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.custom.CustomExamFragment$14
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.custom.CustomExamFragment$15
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.custom.CustomExamFragment$16
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.custom.CustomExamFragment$17
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.custom.CustomExamFragment$18
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.custom.CustomExamFragment$19
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.custom.CustomExamFragment$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.custom.CustomExamFragment$20
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.custom.CustomExamFragment$21
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.custom.CustomExamFragment$3
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.custom.CustomExamFragment$4
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.custom.CustomExamFragment$5
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.custom.CustomExamFragment$5$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.custom.CustomExamFragment$6
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.custom.CustomExamFragment$7
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.custom.CustomExamFragment$8
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.custom.CustomExamFragment$9
com/iotait/schoolapp/helper/FragmentHelper.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.helper.FragmentHelper
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/ActivityArticleReadmoreBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.ActivityArticleReadmoreBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/aboutapp/AboutAppFragment.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.aboutapp.AboutAppFragment
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/FragmentExamPreviewBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.FragmentExamPreviewBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/chat/models/Message.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.models.Message
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/detailsnews/DetailsNewsWebView.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.detailsnews.DetailsNewsWebView
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.detailsnews.DetailsNewsWebView$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.detailsnews.DetailsNewsWebView$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.detailsnews.DetailsNewsWebView$myWebClient
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/ActivityChatWindowBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.ActivityChatWindowBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/notification/chatnotif/Config.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.notification.chatnotif.Config
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/BannerLayoutBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.BannerLayoutBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/question/adapter/RecyclerSubjectAdapter.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.adapter.RecyclerSubjectAdapter
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.adapter.RecyclerSubjectAdapter$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.adapter.RecyclerSubjectAdapter$ViewHolder
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/syllabus/syllabusclickfragment/model/SyllabusModel.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.syllabus.syllabusclickfragment.model.SyllabusModel
com/iotait/schoolapp/notification/Client.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.notification.Client
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/FragmentWeeklyTopBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.FragmentWeeklyTopBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/articlereadmore/ArticleReadmoreActivity.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articlereadmore.ArticleReadmoreActivity
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articlereadmore.ArticleReadmoreActivity$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articlereadmore.ArticleReadmoreActivity$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articlereadmore.ArticleReadmoreActivity$3
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articlereadmore.ArticleReadmoreActivity$4
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articlereadmore.ArticleReadmoreActivity$5
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articlereadmore.ArticleReadmoreActivity$5$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articlereadmore.ArticleReadmoreActivity$5$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articlereadmore.ArticleReadmoreActivity$5$2$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articlereadmore.ArticleReadmoreActivity$5$2$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articlereadmore.ArticleReadmoreActivity$5$3
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articlereadmore.ArticleReadmoreActivity$5$4
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articlereadmore.ArticleReadmoreActivity$5$5
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articlereadmore.ArticleReadmoreActivity$5$6
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articlereadmore.ArticleReadmoreActivity$6
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articlereadmore.ArticleReadmoreActivity$6$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articlereadmore.ArticleReadmoreActivity$6$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articlereadmore.ArticleReadmoreActivity$6$2$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articlereadmore.ArticleReadmoreActivity$6$2$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articlereadmore.ArticleReadmoreActivity$6$3
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articlereadmore.ArticleReadmoreActivity$6$4
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articlereadmore.ArticleReadmoreActivity$6$5
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.articlereadmore.ArticleReadmoreActivity$6$6
com/iotait/schoolapp/notification/chatnotif/SendNotifications.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.notification.chatnotif.SendNotifications
 com.iotait.schoolapp.notification.chatnotif.SendNotifications$1
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/premium/learnmorepackage/LearMoreForPremium.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.premium.learnmorepackage.LearMoreForPremium
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/home/view/HomeView.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.home.view.HomeView
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/exam/models/SelectionItem.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.models.SelectionItem
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/unn_news/adapter/UnnNewsAdapter.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.unn_news.adapter.UnnNewsAdapter
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.unn_news.adapter.UnnNewsAdapter$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.unn_news.adapter.UnnNewsAdapter$ViewHolder
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/unnfaq/interfaceClass/FaqInterface.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.unnfaq.interfaceClass.FaqInterface
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/premium/mobileprecharge/MobileRechargeFragment.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.premium.mobileprecharge.MobileRechargeFragment
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.premium.mobileprecharge.MobileRechargeFragment$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.premium.mobileprecharge.MobileRechargeFragment$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.premium.mobileprecharge.MobileRechargeFragment$3
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.premium.mobileprecharge.MobileRechargeFragment$4
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.premium.mobileprecharge.MobileRechargeFragment$5
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.premium.mobileprecharge.MobileRechargeFragment$6
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.premium.mobileprecharge.MobileRechargeFragment$7
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.premium.mobileprecharge.MobileRechargeFragment$8
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.premium.mobileprecharge.MobileRechargeFragment$8$1
com/iotait/schoolapp/utils/FilePathHelper.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.utils.FilePathHelper
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/chat/adapters/GroupAdminAdapter.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.adapters.GroupAdminAdapter
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.adapters.GroupAdminAdapter$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.adapters.GroupAdminAdapter$ViewHolder
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/question/details/adapters/QuestionAdapter.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.details.adapters.QuestionAdapter
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.details.adapters.QuestionAdapter$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.details.adapters.QuestionAdapter$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.details.adapters.QuestionAdapter$3
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.details.adapters.QuestionAdapter$4
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.details.adapters.QuestionAdapter$5
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.details.adapters.QuestionAdapter$6
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.details.adapters.QuestionAdapter$7
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.details.adapters.QuestionAdapter$8
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.details.adapters.QuestionAdapter$9
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.question.details.adapters.QuestionAdapter$ViewHolder
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/home/model/Datum.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.home.model.Datum
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/ItemQuestionBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.ItemQuestionBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/unnfaq/model/SelectItemFaq.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.unnfaq.model.SelectItemFaq
com/iotait/schoolapp/notification/Data.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.notification.Data
com/iotait/schoolapp/utils/FileUtils.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.utils.FileUtils
com/iotait/schoolapp/session/SessionManager.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.session.SessionManager
com/iotait/schoolapp/helper/ShareHelper.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.helper.ShareHelper
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/home/adapter/LatestNewsAdapter.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.home.adapter.LatestNewsAdapter
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.home.adapter.LatestNewsAdapter$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.home.adapter.LatestNewsAdapter$ViewHolder
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/exam/custom/adapters/RecyclerSubjectItemAdapter.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.custom.adapters.RecyclerSubjectItemAdapter
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.custom.adapters.RecyclerSubjectItemAdapter$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.custom.adapters.RecyclerSubjectItemAdapter$ViewHolder
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/weeklycontest/takecontestfragment/models/CompareModelQuestionItem.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.weeklycontest.takecontestfragment.models.CompareModelQuestionItem
com/iotait/schoolapp/listener/DrawableClickListener.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.listener.DrawableClickListener
 com.iotait.schoolapp.listener.DrawableClickListener$DrawablePosition
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/chat/models/ChatUser.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.models.ChatUser
com/iotait/schoolapp/database/db/MyDatabase.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.database.db.MyDatabase
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/navigation/models/UserItem.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.navigation.models.UserItem
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/contactus/ContactUsFragment.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.contactus.ContactUsFragment
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/ItemLatestNewsBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.ItemLatestNewsBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/chat/ChatWindowActivity.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.ChatWindowActivity
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.ChatWindowActivity$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.ChatWindowActivity$10
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.ChatWindowActivity$11
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.ChatWindowActivity$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.ChatWindowActivity$3
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.ChatWindowActivity$4
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.ChatWindowActivity$4$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.ChatWindowActivity$5
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.ChatWindowActivity$6
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.ChatWindowActivity$7
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.ChatWindowActivity$8
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.ChatWindowActivity$9
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/FragmentBankingSystemBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.FragmentBankingSystemBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/home/model/SliderItem.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.home.model.SliderItem
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/FragmentSyllabusBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.FragmentSyllabusBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/OutSmsMediaBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.OutSmsMediaBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/BuildConfig.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.BuildConfig
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/exam/adapter/RecyclerExamSubjectAdapter.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.adapter.RecyclerExamSubjectAdapter
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.adapter.RecyclerExamSubjectAdapter$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.adapter.RecyclerExamSubjectAdapter$ViewHolder
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/ActivityChatListBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.ActivityChatListBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/contactus/ContactusFragment.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.contactus.ContactusFragment
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/chat/interfaces/ChatListListener.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.interfaces.ChatListListener
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/OutSmsTextBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.OutSmsTextBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/FragmentSyllabusItemClickBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.FragmentSyllabusItemClickBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/home/model/OverViewModel.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.home.model.OverViewModel
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/exam/TakeExamFragment.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.TakeExamFragment
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.TakeExamFragment$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.TakeExamFragment$10
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.TakeExamFragment$11
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.TakeExamFragment$12
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.TakeExamFragment$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.TakeExamFragment$3
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.TakeExamFragment$4
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.TakeExamFragment$5
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.TakeExamFragment$6
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.TakeExamFragment$7
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.TakeExamFragment$8
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.TakeExamFragment$9
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/leaderboard/weeklytop/adapter/LeaderBoardAdapterForWeeklyTop.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.leaderboard.weeklytop.adapter.LeaderBoardAdapterForWeeklyTop
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.leaderboard.weeklytop.adapter.LeaderBoardAdapterForWeeklyTop$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.leaderboard.weeklytop.adapter.LeaderBoardAdapterForWeeklyTop$ViewHolder
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/leaderboard/alltime/adapter/LeaderBoardAdapterForAllTime.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.leaderboard.alltime.adapter.LeaderBoardAdapterForAllTime
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.leaderboard.alltime.adapter.LeaderBoardAdapterForAllTime$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.leaderboard.alltime.adapter.LeaderBoardAdapterForAllTime$ViewHolder
com/iotait/schoolapp/notification/MyResponse.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.notification.MyResponse
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/leaderboard/LeaderboardinfoActivity.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.leaderboard.LeaderboardinfoActivity
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.leaderboard.LeaderboardinfoActivity$1
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/SelectYearViewBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.SelectYearViewBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/application/AppController.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.application.AppController
 com.iotait.schoolapp.application.AppController$1
com/iotait/schoolapp/databinding/FragmentContactusBinding.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.databinding.FragmentContactusBinding
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/exam/exampreview/ExamPreviewFragment.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.exampreview.ExamPreviewFragment
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.exampreview.ExamPreviewFragment$1
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.exampreview.ExamPreviewFragment$10
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.exampreview.ExamPreviewFragment$11
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.exampreview.ExamPreviewFragment$12
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.exampreview.ExamPreviewFragment$13
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.exampreview.ExamPreviewFragment$14
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.exampreview.ExamPreviewFragment$15
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.exampreview.ExamPreviewFragment$2
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.exampreview.ExamPreviewFragment$3
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.exampreview.ExamPreviewFragment$4
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.exampreview.ExamPreviewFragment$5
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.exampreview.ExamPreviewFragment$6
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.exampreview.ExamPreviewFragment$7
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.exampreview.ExamPreviewFragment$8
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.exampreview.ExamPreviewFragment$9
com/iotait/schoolapp/data/network/RetrofitClient.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.data.network.RetrofitClient
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/syllabus/syllabusclickfragment/SyllabusItemClickFragment.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.syllabus.syllabusclickfragment.SyllabusItemClickFragment
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.syllabus.syllabusclickfragment.SyllabusItemClickFragment$1
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/chat/FullPhotoViewActivity.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.FullPhotoViewActivity
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.chat.FullPhotoViewActivity$1
com/iotait/schoolapp/ui/homepage/ui/exam/models/SelectItem.java
 com.iotait.schoolapp.ui.homepage.ui.exam.models.SelectItem
